Psalm 111 praise the Lord I will praise
Psalm 111 praise the Lord I will praise the Lord with my whole heart in the
the Lord with my whole heart in the
the Lord with my whole heart in the Assembly of the upright and in the
Assembly of the upright and in the
Assembly of the upright and in the congregation the works of the Lord are
congregation the works of the Lord are
congregation the works of the Lord are great studied by all who have pleasure
great studied by all who have pleasure
great studied by all who have pleasure in them his work is honorable and
in them his work is honorable and
in them his work is honorable and glorious and His righteousness endures
glorious and His righteousness endures
glorious and His righteousness endures forever he has made his wonderful works
forever he has made his wonderful works
forever he has made his wonderful works to be remembered the Lord is gracious
to be remembered the Lord is gracious
to be remembered the Lord is gracious and full of compassion he has given food
and full of compassion he has given food
and full of compassion he has given food to those who fear Him he will ever be
to those who fear Him he will ever be
to those who fear Him he will ever be mindful of his covenant he has declared
mindful of his covenant he has declared
mindful of his covenant he has declared to his people the power of his works in
to his people the power of his works in
to his people the power of his works in giving them the heritage of the nation's
giving them the heritage of the nation's
giving them the heritage of the nation's the works of his hands are Verity and
the works of his hands are Verity and
the works of his hands are Verity and justice all his precepts are sure they
justice all his precepts are sure they
justice all his precepts are sure they stand fast for ever and ever and are
stand fast for ever and ever and are
stand fast for ever and ever and are done in truth and uprightness he has
done in truth and uprightness he has
done in truth and uprightness he has sent Redemption to his people he has
sent Redemption to his people he has
sent Redemption to his people he has commanded his covenant forever holy and
commanded his covenant forever holy and
commanded his covenant forever holy and awesome is his name
awesome is his name
awesome is his name the fear of the Lord is the beginning of
the fear of the Lord is the beginning of
the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom a good understanding have all
wisdom a good understanding have all
wisdom a good understanding have all those who do His commandments his praise
those who do His commandments his praise
those who do His commandments his praise endures forever